Right, so lots of progress.
We just finished update screen.
So we're able to do a lot of things here, constructed this entire update structure.
The screen here at the top, we have the book we have.
Enter your thoughts text field.
We're able to toggle between started date and mark as read and get that logic going there.
And we have this nice reading bar that we created with a very cool animation there.
Of course, we're able to update this book, and we were also able to delete the book right?
And all of that happens live the front end, but then propagate it into the back end to actually delete
the book.
And we follow this strict user experience architecture where we pop up a message saying, OK, are you
sure you want to delete this to give the user a chance to back out of this decision if they wish to
do so?
OK, so we are done with our update and now we're going to go back to homescreen because we need to
restructure a few things there.
All right, let's go ahead and do that.